is afterlife real,does afterlife exist,is afterlife possible,is there an afterlife science,is there afterlife,afterlife story,afterlife stories,what happens after death,what happens when you die,what happens after we die,what happens after death science,what happens after death scientifically,is death painful,is cancer death painful,why is death so painful,death is painful truth,is death really painful,facts about death,death facts,after death facts,mystery of death,what do people see before they die,what do people see when they die,what do people see after death,what do people see before dying,what do people see after they die,how does it feel to die,near death experience,nde,


Is Death Painful? What Happens After Death!

Afterlife and Near Death Experience Stories? What happens when you die? What do people see after they die and How does it feel to die?

Don't worry, Today we will cover all these topics in this video. We will discuss if Afterlife exists, what happens after we die and if death is really painful, also taking into account the Afterlife story of People who have had Near Death Experiences NDE as well as Scientific Researches and Evidences. We will uncover what people see before, during and after they die Scientifically and try to explain the death facts or known aspects of the vast mystery of death.

TIMESTAMPS:
0:00 Intro
0:33 Death According to Science
0:41 Is Death Painful?
1:33 Extreme Case
1:48 What happens after Death?
2:30 Mystery of White Light
3:08 Real-life NDE Stories
3:40 Conclusion



the debate was on since his international tournament in 2018 when messi was __years
Now he is 37 years and in the next Copa America he will be __years. The next major tournament is going to be the World Cup in 2026 and the forward, who is going to turn 37 next week, can’t sure have enough legs to last another two years, can he? Football is a demanding game after all, not just mentally, but also physically.

in 2018 he had not won any major international trophies neither copa America nor Worlcup, so people were also doubting about his legacy and greatness. But after winning Copa America for Argentina in ___ and World cup in ___, what could be the best time to retire than this.

also another hint since He has started making only short term plans. In an Instagram post, he wrote "______"

We cannot say for sure about his retirement until he himself announces it but connecting dots of these incidents lead to the conclusion that 2024 might be the Last Copa America for the living legend Lionel Messi. So, we should take a very good glance of his possible last dance, what happens next time, we never know. so this football summer, switch from Euros to Copa America when you can


messi copa America 2024,
lionel messi copa America 2024,
lionel messi last match,
lionel messi last world cup,
messi last copa America,
messi retirement,messi retires from Argentina,messi retirement news,messi retirement after copa America,messi retired from international football,messi retirement date,when will messi retire,when will messi retire from football,when is messi retiring,messi will retire in 2025,did messi retire,is messi retired from football,did messi retire from international football,is messi retired from international football,messi is retired or not,what year will messi retire,lionel messi retirement,lionel messi retirement from Argentina,when will lionel messi retire,did lionel messi retire,lionel messi facts,facts about messi,


You guys are lucky. This video had become so short that It was getting included in Youtube Shors. I have to extend it more than 1 minute, so here's a bonus fact for you

2024 is Messi's LAST COPA AMERICA?

Lionel Messi retirement after Copa America? Is Messi retired from International Football? Lionel Messi Facts? When will Lionel Messi retire?

Well Today in this video, We will discuss if 2024 is Messi's last Copa America and if 2022 was Messi's last World Cup before Messi retires from Argentina or from International Football. We will look at some recent incidents and try to obtain a conclusion about Messi's retirement in this video. We will analyze what year will Messi retire considering his recent interviews and some known facts. So, Is Copa America 2024 Messi's Last International Tournament? Will Messi Play 2026 World Cup? Watch the video to find out.

TIMESTAMPS:
0:00 Intro
0:16 Evidence 1
0:40 Evidence 2
0:53 Evidence 3
1:09 Evidence 4
1:41 Conclusion

I donot promote any of these stuffs. Just for general knowledge and curiosity.
not much research due to illegal in many countries.
Marijuana is healthy when used as a medicine when prescribed by doctor. No doubt, but is getting high on it healthy?
If Snoopdog is still alive we all good.
according to research..no effect on lung function and mortality while tobacco and alcohol on the other hand does.

releave pain stress

Of course, many adults use marijuana responsibly for pleasure and relaxation. But heavy marijuana consumption seems to increase the risk of clogged arteries and heart failure, and it may impact male fertility. Smoking it as a weed likewise can lead to chronic bronchitis.

Is getting high on marijuana/cannebis healthy?
Is getting high on Weed Healthy? | Marijuana/Cannabis

thumbnail ma Marijuana ko photo one side ma ani one side ma write "Marijuana/Cannabis" or "Marijuana (Cannabis)"



Title : 5 Quick RANDOM FACTS / 5 Quick RANDOM Facts / 5 Quick Random Facts / 5 Quick Random FACTS

Search Terms:
quick random facts,short random facts,quick facts channel,quick facts shorts,Neil Armstrong facts,facts,facts video,facts about world,amazing facts,interesting facts,awesome facts,awesome facts channel,all awesome facts,interesting facts about the world,interesting facts in English,interesting facts about earth,random facts,random facts you didn't know,random facts channel,random facts in English,quick facts channel,quick facts daily,quick facts,

Facts ? Random Facts ? Interesting Facts ? Amazing Facts ? 

Well, We have compiled 5 quick and short Random Facts that you didn't know in this One Minute short Facts video. We have covered interesting facts about the World, about Earth and an awesome Neil Armstrong Fact. If you like this video then, do visit our channel. Our channel is an awesome, random and a quick facts channel in English. We also answer daily life curious questions. So, Subscribe for more contents like this.

TIMESTAMPS:
0:00 Fact 1
0:10 Fact 2
0:22 Fact 3
0:30 Fact 4
0:38 Fact 5
0:53 Bonus Fact


Trex fossil found, dna extracted and compared with different birds. Then, surprisingly Chickens have the closest DNA to Dinosaurs. Another animal that have the similar dna is turkey

Expalin context and so if someone asks, chicken or egg which comes first, then the answer is chicken came first. 





